translate four pingcap/docs-cn PRs (#13087)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-6.4.0.md

    For more information, see [User document](/system-variables.md#tidb_stats_load_sync_wait-new-in-v540).

> * Reduce the impact of batch write requests on the response time of lightweight transaction writes [#13313](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/13313) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)

Author: ```suggestion
* Reduce the impact of batch write requests on the response time of lightweight transactional writes [#13313](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/13313) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
```

>     The business logic of some systems requires periodic batch DML tasks, but processing these batch write tasks can increase the latency of online transactions. In v6.3.0, TiKV optimizes the priority of read requests in hybrid workload scenarios, so you can enable the [`readpool.unified.auto-adjust-pool-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#auto-adjust-pool-size-new-in-v630) configuration item to let TiKV automatically adjust the size of the UnifyReadPool thread pool for all read requests. In v6.4.0, TiKV can also dynamically identify and prioritize write requests, and control the maximum number of bytes that the Apply thread can write for one FSM (Finite-state Machine) in one round of poll, thus reducing the impact of batch write requests on the response time of transaction writes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The business logic of some systems requires periodic batch DML tasks, but processing these batch write tasks increases the latency of online transactions. In v6.3.0, TiKV optimizes the scheduling of read requests in hybrid workload scenarios, so you can enable the [`readpool.unified.auto-adjust-pool-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#auto-adjust-pool-size-new-in-v630) in configuration to let TiKV automatically adjust the size of the UnifyReadPool thread pool for all read requests. In v6.4.0, TiKV can also dynamically identify and prioritize write requests, and control the maximum bytes that the Apply thread can write for one FSM (Finite-state Machine) in one round of poll, thus reducing the impact of batch write requests on the response time of transactional writes.
```
